JASON: Here we go!
Here we go!
DAVE: Damn! MANNY:
Whoo! BOB: Big boy.
NARRATOR: The battle for
bluefin is heating up...
JACK: There he is. Woo!
NICHOLAS: Woo! Tail rope!
NARRATOR: And making waves...
MARCIANO: (bleep).
I got my Depends all wet.
NARRATOR: But in a competition
filled with champions...
DAVE: Coming after you guys.
Woo!
NARRATOR:
And would be kings...
JACK: Slight reverse!
NARRATOR: Only one
boat can win it all.
PAUL: Come on, Doug.
Let's get our first fish.
JASON: Here we go!
Here we go! Oh!
MANNY: Oh!
It's a real one, boys.
NARRATOR: While some captains
are chasing a dynasty...
MARCIANO: I'm feeling good.
I'm feeling good.
NARRATOR: Others
are on a mission...
MANNY: Yup. Coming.
NARRATOR: To claim the
crown for the first time...
VAUGHNS: I think
we just hooked up.
JACK: Just keep him tight, Nick.
NICHOLAS: Yes, sir.
MARISSA: Are they coming
to show us their fish?
NARRATOR: On...
MANNY: Pull it in.
NARRATOR: Wicked Tuna.
MARCIANO: All right, guys.
Let's go back to
our winning position.
NARRATOR: Pinwheel clings
to the lead with Fat Tuna
in second place.
The young guns on Time Flies
are in third place ahead of the
veteran captain on Moonshine.
While Wicked Pissah and
Hot Tuna have yet to catch
their first fish.
MARCIANO: High tide
slack right now, boys.
Primetime.
JASON: See ya little squid.
This current out here,
this weight holds my bait.
Holds it down to
where I want it.
JOE: Stick with 16 and
12 ounces of weight.
The balloon kind of allows
us to spread out our bait.
Just like bass fishermen
fishing in a lake, right?
Same concept just on a
bigger scale, you know.
So Jay's gonna get that
bait down to depth.
I'm gonna put the balloon on it
and we're gonna float it out there,
so everything's not
fishing on your anchor,
so you get your
lines spread out.
Everything's gonna be
at a nice equal spread.
MARCIANO: You and Jay
sure do make a great team.
It's early in the season,
but we're off to a great start.
Last season, we
caught a lot of fish and
came in second place.
Awesome! Good job!
JOE: Yeah!
MARCIANO: But this year, we
wanna be that top boat again.
JOE: It's gonna happen.
It's gonna happen.
MARCIANO: We're fishing on
one of my favorite spots on
Stellwagen Bank.
I don't know what the rest of
the fleet is doing and frankly,
I don't care.
We're just staying radio silent
and fishing by ourselves.
JOE: When are they coming?
JASON: When are they coming?
MARCIANO: Any minute now
this place is gonna...
ALL: Bust wide open.
PAUL: Check this down
line and see how it's doing.
See all the slime?
The slime on the line.
Last year, we won it for
the first time in ten years,
so going from first to
worst at the beginning of the
season is a setback.
It's nerve-racking.
Slime is ferocious.
Even though I'm saving
money having one mate,
there's a lot of stress going
into the season with a new boat.
I could really use a diamond
tuna to get me out of the red.
Every detail matters right now.
See, the fish see this.
When you got big bends,
and kinks, and (bleep).
They see all that.
Especially when the sun
goes into the water and it
reflects on the line.
Sees every imperfection.
I'm also going back to
the playbook that made us
the top boat last season.
I mean, being patient and
fishing in my backyard is what
won for us last year.
That's how we won.
So we're down
south of Gloucester.
A lot of guys are up
north of Gloucester.
Hopefully, that and the
attention to detail will help
us get a bite and turn
the season around for us.
To have that target
on your back is tough.
I make sure
everything's perfect.
It separates people who
catch 'em and people who don't.
We're gonna go tight, Doug.
DOUG: Yeah.
(beeping)
PAUL: Ah. Nice mark.
Look at them. Two of them.
Another one. Three of them.
(beeping)
(reel clicking)
(reel unspooling rapidly).
Here we go. We're on!
Got 'em. Come on, Doug.
Let's get our first fish.
DOUG: He's acting like a short.
PAUL: Come on. DOUG:
Oh, be a 73. PAUL: Right?
Got some weight on him, huh?
What do you think?
DOUG: I don't know.
Might be. Might just be.
PAUL: I like when
Dougie's happy like that.
DOUG: He's got a
little bit of balls on him.
PAUL: Yeah.
DOUG: He's a little wild.
I see him coming right up.
73 come up.
Wanna bring him in?
PAUL: No. He's not a keeper.
DOUG: He's not?
PAUL: No, he's not a keeper.
DOUG: Okay.
PAUL: Loosen the drag.
DOUG: Wanna measure him or no?
PAUL: Take the hook out.
No, he's not.
I am 100% all
about conservation.
If this fish is remotely
close to 73 inches,
I will let this tuna
go without measuring.
Just a little bit under.
It still sucks to know we
haven't caught our first tuna.
Of course, I wanna keep that
title but it is nothing more
important to me than
making sure the species of
giant bluefin tuna is
around for a lot of years.
That was a nice
little 72-inch fish.
DOUG: Close, but no cigar.
PAUL: Yeah, we're practicing.
Don't worry, Dougie.
We're gonna get
our first one soon.
(barking)
TJ: Tell me when
you're ready, Jarrett.
JARRETT: In the mornings,
I like to go through.
Check out all the harpoons.
Make sure
they're all ready to go,
so if we do hook up,
everything's ready to rock.
Like right now,
you can see this one.
You can see how the saltwater
corroded it right on there.
This tip is supposed to come
off of this shaft right here.
But right now, it's stuck.
TJ: Jarrett returned last night
so this is Jarrett's kind of
maiden voyage for the season.
He missed the first couple of
trips because of a baby shower.
He's got a little
one on the way.
JARRETT: It's kind of sticking,
so we gotta clean it up
a little bit.
TJ: Just getting out to where
we've been fishing off the cape
about 15 miles east of
Chatham and unfortunately
so far this season,
we're just hemorrhaging money.
JARRETT: Just grinding
that crap off of there.
TJ: Right now, us,
the Tuna. Com
and the Wicked Pissah
are the bottom three boats.
We've all won in
previous seasons,
so it's definitely shocking
that the three of us would be
at the bottom of
the leaderboard.
JARRETT: And there you go.
TJ: Hopefully with Jarrett
back, we can turn things around.
MIKE: How'd your party turn out?
JARRETT: It turned
out really good, man.
Had about, you know,
a good like 70 people
show up, so.
MIKE: Nice.
TJ: Did you do a gender reveal?
JARRETT: We did.
We popped a big balloon
with blue confetti in it.
MIKE: Oh!
JARRETT: Yeah.
ALL: Woo! Yeah!
JARRETT: It's a baby boy.
MIKE: Baby Hunter.
JARRETT: Just nice to get
back here and get on the boat
and start trying to catch
fish and make some money.
I got another mouth to
feed coming here soon,
so we got to catch
about ten times more fish
than we normally do.
TJ: The fact that the Hot Tuna
is a family business means that
there are a bunch of people
looking for a paycheck.
So it's imperative that I
get the boat out there and
put us on the fish.
And now that Jarrett's
got a baby on the way,
I'll be honest, I'm
feeling even more pressure.
JARRETT: Well, hopefully we
get back on these things, man.
TJ: Yeah, we're at the
bottom of the leaderboard count
with Dot-Com and Wicked Pissah.
MIKE: Pretty heavy hitters at
the bottom of the leaderboard.
TIM: We'll get 'em.
MIKE: Start
stocking up on diapers.
JARRETT: I know, right?
BOB: Look ahead of us here.
Holy (bleep).
MANNY: We're in
the life today, boys.
BOB: We got birds everywhere.
We got humpbacks.
This is epic from here. Yeah.
We're at Regal Sword,
which is south of where
we've been at Crab Ledge.
And even though it costs a lot
of fuel to come down here,
we need to make up
for last season.
Our personal goal this
season aboard Fat Tuna
is we'd like to win this thing.
We did pretty well last season.
Not as well as we wanted
to but we beat a couple
of former champions.
We beat Hot Tuna,
we beat Pinwheel,
we'd like to do that this year,
but we'd like to beat them all.
JOHN: We're gonna put out
just two baits and hopefully
we drift right down into the
life and into the activity and
we'll be off and running.
BOB: Oh, there it
is on the bottom.
There's a (bleep) ton
of bait here, boy.
MANNY: Here come the whales.
BOB: Marking one
at 100 I do believe.
MANNY: Oh, yeah.
BOB: Oh, I'm all excited.
We're already marking fish.
We marked the bottom bouncers.
Just in the bait on the bottom.
Just plowing through it.
Then our bait is just
coming right by their face.
It's on.
It's game time, baby.
How are we not getting bit?
(reel unspooling rapidly)
Here we go. Got one.
We're tight.
It looks like a big one.
JOHN: Forward. Forward. Forward.
Forward. Forward. Forward.
(Bob groans)
(reel unspooling rapidly)
MANNY: Oh!
It's a real one, boys.
JOHN: Forward. Forward. Forward.
Yeah, you might wanna go harder.
BOB: I'm going, baby.
(tension snap)
JOHN: Oh!
MANNY: Oh!
BOB: Are you (bleep) kidding me?
(bleep).
JOHN: Oh, no. He's still there.
BOB: Oh, he's still there.
He's still there.
MANNY: Oh. Good, good,
good. He's still there, boss!
JOHN: Hard, hard.
BOB: I saw the rod snap
back and thought you lost him.
We got a good one on here.
This is what
we're talking about.
This is why we came, but
now we got to finish this job.
I'm going forward.
MANNY: Yup. You see it?
JOHN: Yeah.
BOB: Nice job, John.
Way to keep reeling.
MANNY: It's only a
matter of time, brother.
Only a matter of time.
BOB: We just got to be real
careful and get this guy on board.
The way he's fighting
and taking these screaming
crazy runs and showing a
lot of weight up and down,
he's a good fish.
He's between 90 and 100.
He aren't small.
MANNY: I thought he was done,
man, a half an hour ago.
BOB: Y'all should
have known better.
Right now, going in the guides.
He's very close.
He's right here.
JOHN: Get ready over here, man.
I just saw him a second ago.
He's coming up tail first.
Did you see it?
MANNY: Yup.
Oh, tail wrap.
JOHN: Wait until I get him up.
MANNY: Yup.
BOB: Did you hit him?
BOB:
Did you get him good, Manny?
MANNY: Yeah. Gaff.
BOB: Tail rope.
MANNY: Yup. Coming.
Pull it in.
BOB: Oh, boy!
Holy mackerel.
Holy tuna. Yeah.
This is why you
never say we got him.
Now it's over.
We're going home.
JOHN: Yeah. There we go.
MANNY: Woo! Yeah, baby! Woo!
JOHN: Boom. BOB: Oh,
thank God. MANNY: Whoo!
BOB: That's what
I'm talking about!
MANNY: Yeah! BOB: Going
home. MANNY: One, two, three.
Come in here, sweetheart.
BOB: Oh, man.
He's a big boy.
(overlapping chatter)
JOHN: 96 and a quarter.
ALL: Wow! JOHN: Yeah.
MANNY: Nice work, boys.
JOHN: Hell yeah!
BOB: We couldn't be happier.
MARCIANO: All right, here we go.
We weren't having any luck in
that last spot so we decided to
make a little move to
another spot close by.
That big whiting is still alive.
Put him on the down line.
We're still not gonna chase
the bite like those other guys,
but even when fishing
the old school way,
you do have to shake
some things up.
We caught fish here before,
let's hope we can
catch them here again.
JOE: Is that guy
gonna get bit or?
JASON: Maybe.
MARCIANO: There's a couple
of them, a couple of them.
JASON: Hell yeah. Hell yeah.
MARCIANO: Couple of them.
Two big ones.
I'd like to see
the rod bend now.
(beeping)
(reel clicking)
(reel unspooling rapidly)
JASON: Here we go.
Here we go. Here we go.
MARCIANO: We're on?
JASON: We're on something.
JOE: On something.
MARCIANO: Are you kidding me?
JASON: I knew it was
something up high.
Right out of my hands.
I don't know what it is.
JOE: Well, we hooked
something just as we were
settling on the anchor.
Hopefully it's a tuna fish
and starts running here.
MARCIANO: Just watch the drag.
JASON: Huh?
MARCIANO: That's a fish.
JASON: That's what I
thought for a second.
It's gut hooked.
It was weird. It's a fish.
I'll pump the drag
up just a tiny bit.
MARCIANO: Come on, Jay.
JASON: Porbeagle. MARCIANO:
Yup. JOE: Dammit. It's a shark.
MARCIANO: That's more
than we saw all morning at
the other spot.
Now it wasn't what we're after.
We're after tuna, so we're
gonna give it a while here and
see what happens.
That's been our
strategy all year.
Stick and move.
Put the baits out
and see what happens.
Sharks come through
just before the tuna.
I'm not worried yet.
BOB: Back on a roll, baby.
We just got our third
fish of the season.
We're hoping to
take that top spot,
but we're $1800 in the hole on this
trip and we'll take anything we can get.
What's up, PJ?
PATRICK: Hey, Bob!
BOB: We got a nice
package for you.
PATRICK: All right, well,
let's check this one out.
BOB: Let's do it.
We're happy with that fish,
but we're hoping it's a
high quality fish because our
expenses are
through the roof right now.
Hopefully our bluefin has
a lot of fat, good color,
translucent core so the buyer
will give us a great price.
All right, what do we got, PJ?
PATRICK: A skinny one.
BOB: Whatever. PATRICK: 260
pounds dressed. BOB: We'll take it.
MANNY: Hey, we'll take that.
BOB: We'll take that.
MANNY: Nice job, boys.
BOB: Skinny tuna.
PATRICK: All right, boys.
Let's check it out.
See what we got.
JOHN: All right. Sounds good.
BOB: All right, man.
All right, big daddy,
what you got?
PATRICK: You know, it's
really nice red, deep red.
You know, the core is fine.
You know, even though
it's a skinny fish, uh...
$15 a pound.
BOB: I like that.
Oh my God.
MANNY: Are you kidding me?
BOB: We'll take that.
We need some paychecks here.
PATRICK: Keep 'em coming, guys.
BOB: We will. Thanks, man.
JOHN: Thanks, buddy.
PATRICK: See you tomorrow.
BOB: That's a damn good
start for Fat Tuna and we plan
on continuing that.
We wanna win this thing.
Money in the bank
for a money shot.
SANDRO: No bait. Nothing.
It's a (bleep) dead zone.
DAVE: You guys
wanna go fish the mud?
GEORDIE: I'll go in there.
SANDRO: We're definitely
committed up there.
We're not going
south if we go up there.
DAVE: We've won this
competition more than any other
boat and that puts a
huge target on our backs.
We wanna secure another win,
so we need to utilize strategies
that worked for us back then.
If we go down to Chatham,
it's a ten-hour ride.
That's not realistic.
It's ten hours
however you look at it.
We're not in position for that.
I followed my logbook to put
us in the position of where we
were able to produce in
the past and in this case,
that's Middle Bank.
We're not seeing any
signs of life though.
Just got to keep trying,
you know what I mean?
I don't wanna sit here
and just rot away.
We got to, we got to
keep plugging along.
SANDRO: There he is.
(beeping)
Holy (bleep), he
just came way up.
Oh, yeah.
He's gonna eat it.
DAVE: Oh, yeah.
SANDRO: Come on, eat it.
Come on.
DAVE: Maybe we'll
stay a little longer.
(reel clicking)
(reel unspooling rapidly)
SANDRO: Oh, we're on!
DAVE: There he is.
He's got it.
Start it up, Geordie.
Hey! Hey, we're gonna.
GEORDIE: Hey, we'll stay here.
DAVE: Maybe we'll stay here.
Maybe we'll stay here.
GEORDIE: Maybe
we'll stay here, Sandro.
You wanna stay here?
SANDRO: Damn! Damn!
Whamo! We're on!
Slide that up real quick.
By the way, we got to go.
Spin it right around.
You ready?
DAVE: Yep. Woo!
We were just
getting ready to leave.
The prime spot. It's close.
SANDRO: Might get a
quick shot at him here.
DAVE: Keep the pace. Don't get
excited. Get ready to get on him, Geo.
SANDRO: Oh, there he is.
Making wake.
GEORDIE: There he is,
making wake.
SANDRO: That's a
(bleep) slammer, dude.
GEORDIE: Yeah.
Big animal, no doubt.
SANDRO: It's no little one.
DAVE: Here we go. Keep it going.
Hit it, hit it hard.
He's coming across.
SANDRO: This water is so gross.
DAVE: Swivel is on the reel.
Coming up fast. Take the shot.
SANDRO: I can't even see him.
Just can't see him.
Can't see him.
DAVE: Swivel's on the reel.
SANDRO: This water is so gross.
DAVE: Coming up fast.
Take the shot.
SANDRO: I can't even see him.
You just can't see him.
Can't see him.
GEORDIE: Good call, dude.
Good call.
DAVE: Square up. Square up.
You did the right thing.
Square up right away.
SANDRO: If this
was clear water,
I would have taken that shot.
It's just, it's muddy.
It's not blue, it's not green,
it's, it's brown.
And these fish are dark
on the back there so it's
not easy to see him.
So he's got to be pretty much
right there for me to hit him,
so if I get a
decent glimpse at him,
I'm gonna throw.
There he is.
DAVE: Coming up again. Here we
go. Forward left! Hard, hard, hard, hard!
SANDRO: The water is just mud.
Crazy.
DAVE: Right here, San. Swivel.
Neutral. Neutral.
SANDRO: I'm not
taking that shot.
I would've had three
shots by now, probably.
DAVE: Let me have a try.
Here, Sandro. Come on.
SANDRO: Neutral. Swivel.
DAVE: Good color.
SANDRO: Head shake there.
Neutral, neutral. Coming up.
Way up.
DAVE: One more.
Let's not rush it.
SANDRO: Yup.
Forward. Coming up, coming up.
Reverse. Hard reverse.
Hard, hard, hard!
DAVE: I can't see.
I can't see. I can't see.
SANDRO: Coming up now.
DAVE: Got him.
GEORDIE: Thanks, Dave.
DAVE: Get a gaff.
We don't have him yet.
GEORDIE: Almost got it.
DAVE: Come. Middle,
middle, middle. Let's go to port.
GEORDIE: On the rod holder.
DAVE: Hey, I think we
should stay in this spot.
SANDRO: I think we're staying.
DAVE: I think we're staying.
GEORDIE: Hey, I
think we'll stay.
I think we'll spend
the afternoon here.
What do you think?
DAVE: That's good.
SANDRO: Wow, man.
DAVE: That's a hug.
Come on, that's a hug.
GEORDIE: Good going, guys.
SANDRO: Going through a battle.
Wow, that felt good.
We needed that.
DAVE: We got him.
DAVE (over radio): Big slob.
PAUL: Damn, damn, damn.
DAVE (over radio): Coming
after you guys. Whoo!
TYLER: Have a nice ride.
We suck.
(yawn)
SANDRO: Let's see
what he measures, guys.
100 inches.
GEORDIE: 100 inches.
SANDRO: Wow. GEORDIE: Nice.
SANDRO: There we go, big one.
DAVE: That's one step closer
to reclaiming our crown.
TJ: We're still here
on Loser's Ledge.
A whole lot of nothing.
You know, but ultimately
you wanna try and find the life
and we're not
really seeing the life.
It's been a really
tough season so far.
We still have no fish and
now I'm worried about Reba.
Come on, Reba,
get in here, baby.
JARRETT: Good girl.
How's Reba been doing with?
TJ: It hasn't been
too rough, you know,
she's been pretty good.
MIKE: Chilling in the
bag until she got rocked.
TJ: Yeah. Come on, Ripple.
Reba recently had bone cancer
and I had to remove her leg so,
you know, she's definitely
having some health issues,
but she's still happy, she's
out there barking at whales,
so until I feel like she
can't physically be out there,
I'm gonna take her every trip.
Last year, the Hot Tuna didn't
have such a great season.
We only finished ahead of the
Moonshine and the Time Flies,
so this year I've got
to get the boat headed in
the right direction.
We have to come back strong.
JARRETT: Good girls.
TJ: We need action ASAP.
GEORDIE: That required
some patience, huh?
DAVE: Yup. What's up, Scott?
SCOTT: It's been a while.
First time seeing
you guys this year.
DAVE: Yeah. Right.
We got some catching up to do.
SCOTT: Let's see if
you got the quality.
DAVE: Let's do it.
GEORDIE: What's that
thing dressed, Scott?
SCOTT: 379 pounds dressed.
DAVE: Oh, nice.
GEORDIE: Awesome. Nice.
Yeah, that's a nice piece.
DAVE: What do you think there?
SCOTT: It's a big fish.
You got the quantity.
There's not a lot of fat in it,
but it's not like
that red rubber boot.
DAVE: Mmm-hmm, well, with all
that said, let's see the core.
SCOTT: Let's check it out.
SANDRO: Ooh. That looks good.
SCOTT: That's a nice
cherry looking color.
DAVE: What do you
think there, pal?
SCOTT: Well, because it
does have that nice red color,
I could still get you guys...
13 bucks a pound.
DAVE: Yeah. We'll take that.
That's good.
SANDRO: Yeah.
That is very good.
SCOTT: All right, guys.
Nice job.
DAVE: Thanks, buddy.
GEORDIE: Appreciate you, Scott.
DAVE: Thank you very much.
Good seeing you.
GEORDIE: Good to see you.
DAVE: Not too shabby, huh?
SANDRO: No, not at all.
RYAN: Yeah. Want to put him out?
SPURGE: Yeah.
Dot-Com and Fat Tuna both
caught earlier today and
we haven't even marked any.
I know we're in a great
spot though and our protege,
Tyler is out fishing next to us.
We got to get one before he
does or it's just embarrassing.
RYAN: Putting fresh baits out.
Our down line,
something to clean this up
and eat our squid off of it.
SPURGE: Uh-hmm. I'm a
very competitive person,
I really am.
So, my goal for this
season is to catch the most
fish and out fish everybody.
RYAN: So, we
changed our bait out.
We put a nice mackerel
and on our floater,
we're gonna put
out another squid.
This one's a little
bigger than the last.
SPURGE: We had a
tough season last year,
but they don't call me
Father Tuna for nothing.
You know, we can fish
with the best of them,
so we're gonna win it this year.
The worst thing I hate
is equipment failure,
so we try to eliminate all that.
VAUGHNS: It's early
in the season,
but I've already learned
so much from Spurge.
SPURGE: Well, it's just
different types of baits you're
putting out and different ways
to rig them and, you know,
you eventually find out
what works the best.
VAUGHNS: Learning from
the best of the best has been
a real honor and I know it's
only the tip of the iceberg so far.
RYAN: Let's see what happens.
SPURGE: Yeah.
(beeping)
RYAN: Oh. Big mark.
VAUGHNS: Come on, buddy.
SPURGE: Any minute now.
VAUGHNS: Come on.
Oh. Get back over here.
RYAN: Something just
came up out of that.
(beeping)
(reel clicking)
(reel unspooling rapidly)
SPURGE: We're on!
VAUGHNS: I got it.
RYAN: Finally got our bite.
Finally got hooked up here.
(bleep)
(groans)
SPURGE: Good going, team.
Let's get this one right
in front of the Pinwheel.
TYLER: Oh boy, they're on.
Spurge just hooked up.
MARISSA: Wow.
TYLER: (bleep).
MARISSA: Well, there's a
few tunas swimming around.
SPURGE: He's coming up fast.
RYAN: He's coming up fast.
Oh, fish feels nice here.
We're already up
on the top shot.
Came up a little weird,
uh, but he feels pretty decent
here on the line.
We got the leader right here.
Swivel. Color.
SPURGE: Come on, Spurge.
Get away from there.
RYAN: I wanna try to
get past the ball here.
VAUGHNS: Oh, what the?
SPURGE: It's gonna
cut our fish off.
Oh, boy.
This sucks right here.
SPURGE: It's gonna
cut our fish off.
Oh, boy.
This sucks right here.
Back off, back off.
RYAN: We're off. We're off.
SPURGE: Get ready with a gaff.
This side. Pick it up.
RYAN: The fish just got
caught up on our anchor,
so now we're just trying
to free him up and hopefully
we can land this guy.
SPURGE: Over my head if you can.
It's caught here,
I'm just telling you.
I got to back up. Hold.
Somebody hold this.
VAUGHNS: All right. I got it.
SPURGE: See if you can
pick that up a little bit.
Get the ball and everything.
Keep going.
RYAN: Still underneath it.
VAUGHNS: Come on, come
back to me one more time and
then just go over it.
SPURGE: Just put it in that
rod holder over at the end here.
There's our ball again.
RYAN: Yeah. (bleep) typical.
SPURGE: Where's the tether?
Walk it under him.
You know,
he's coming back again.
All right, throw it
out there if you can.
RYAN: There he is on top.
SPURGE: I know.
I'm trying to get away from it.
Ryan did get a lot better
than he was last year,
it's very important you don't
get tangled in the anchor,
but I taught him the right
way to do things and he did
a good job with that.
I think you're gonna see
the leader shortly here.
There you go.
He's coming nice.
He's coming up in what
we call death circles.
They start circling.
RYAN: Pinwheel.
SPURGE: If we can keep
him in that same circle,
we can get him up and get
a shot with the harpoon.
Sometimes they cooperate
and a lot of times they don't.
All right, get the,
your harpoon ready.
VAUGHNS: Coming at you, Cap.
RYAN: Oh, he's a nice fish.
SPURGE: Get the tail gaff.
Come on. Hurry up.
RYAN: There you go.
SPURGE: Hurry up.
RYAN: Woo-hoo!
SPURGE: All right, nice going.
RYAN: Yeah.
SPURGE: There you go, baby. Nice
going. Nice going. Good job. Good job.
Number two.
Thank you Lord.
Thank you very much.
We appreciate that.
A little blessing at the sea.
VAUGHNS: Good job, good job.
SPURGE: Good job, boys.
Nice job.
RYAN: Our second fish
to keep the streak going.
Woo!
TYLER: Spurge just caught one.
MARISSA: Excuse me?
TYLER: It's a good feeling
starting out the season in
first place, but at the same
time you know the bull's eye is
on your back.
Now that Spurge has caught,
that's another boat
that's threatening our lead.
At least we know
they're in the area.
Merm, come do a bait check.
(breech and splash)
What the (bleep) just came
up next to the boat, a tuna?
We're on! We're on!
Reel that up, quick.
VAUGHNS: Oh, he just hook up?
I think he just hooked up.
SPURGE: Good.
TYLER: Attagirl, Merm.
You're doing great.
MARISSA: Are they coming
to show us their fish?
TYLER: Probably.
SPURGE: Go get 'em, Merm.
TYLER: That's my sis.
Keep getting him, Merm. Keep
getting him. You're doing great.
He's big.
(tension snap)
MARISSA: Whoa! Broke him off.
SPURGE: Oh!
TYLER: That was
definitely a tuna.
Spurge just went by on
the Moonshine towing one.
We're over here losing fish.
Not cool.
SPURGE (over radio):
Just in case you missed it.
TYLER: Really frustrating.
We watched Spurge
catch a fish in our face.
You know, now we're
just going through gear,
going through baits,
costing us time and
money having to re-rig.
It's just part of fishing.
Forgot all about it.
MARISSA: Share
the wealth a little bit.
TYLER: We suck.
SPURGE: Ready?
One, two. Come on.
RYAN: Trying to get a
measurement on him here real quick.
VAUGHNS: 93 inches.
SPURGE: Fat little sucker.
RYAN: Tagged and bagged
and on the way home.
SPURGE: Bring one
in every day keeps the
bill collector away.
PATRICK: Hey, Spurge.
How's it going?
SPURGE: We're doing great.
Wanna take a look at him?
PATRICK: Yeah,
let's take a look.
SPURGE: All right.
PATRICK: See what we got.
SPURGE: What's the word?
What's the word here?
PATRICK: What's the word?
We got 305 dressed.
SPURGE: All right.
Perfect. Perfect.
PATRICK: All right, let's
check the meat out, Spurge.
See what we got here.
SPURGE: All right.
Let's see what we got.
All right.
These guys did a great job.
PATRICK: Way to go, guys.
No, you got a nice
looking fish here.
Good sellable size.
Could use a little bit more fat.
It's a little
watery to the touch.
VAUGHNS: How's the
quality of the core on it?
PATRICK: The core is beautiful.
You guys took good care of it.
Nice cherry red core there.
VAUGHNS: Really nice core.
SPURGE: So what do you think?
What do you think the
verdict is on this one?
PATRICK: Uh, this one here.
SPURGE: Come on, baby.
PATRICK: We
could do $12 a pound.
VAUGHNS: Oh!
SPURGE: All right.
There we go, buddy.
Nice going. Nice going.
Good job. Good job.
VAUGHNS: All right.
PATRICK: Way to go, boys.
SPURGE: Thank you, Spurge.
Thank you. Very good.
PATRICK: All right, boys.
TJ, good seeing you.
Ryan, keep 'em coming.
SPURGE: We're in a fight.
We got to keep the pace up,
the momentum up and we wanna
catch another fish tomorrow,
so we're gonna try our best.
That's the way to roll.
JACK: Some (bleep)
gnarly (bleep).
NICHOLAS: Yeah, getting
our (bleep) kicked in.
New England fishing,
that's just how it is.
JACK: Yeah, the storm kind
of came out of nowhere.
This was not supposed to happen.
This is (bleep).
Not one foot of last year.
NICHOLAS: Oh, it's
blowing 35 all day.
JACK: Yeah, we're
in quite a little squall here.
Right now, we're fishing out
here in our own backyard,
Jeffrey's Ledge.
We know Dot-Com caught
one out here yesterday and
we're hoping we can do the same.
Go ahead and pick
me out a good one.
NICHOLAS: Yeah.
We got a slamming mack in there.
JACK: Yeah, that's what we want.
Last season, we came into
the fleet looking to make
some waves and, you know,
we finished in last.
You know, that definitely left
a bad taste in our mouths.
So, you know, this year,
we wanted to come
out here and say, you know,
not only can we hang
with the rest of the fleet,
but we can beat them.
It's a little
rainy out right now.
Kind of been like that all day.
It's a different game
in the center console.
You know, not much, uh,
not much room to hide from it.
NICHOLAS: Oh, we're on!
We're on!
JACK: We just went off.
NICHOLAS: Yes, sir.
NICHOLAS: Coming up.
JACK: There he is! Woo!
NICHOLAS: It's a real one, Jack.
JACK: Yeah, I know. I know.
Nice work, buddy.
NICHOLAS: Go, Jack. Forward.
JACK: Yeah. NICHOLAS:
Easy. JACK: All right.
Fighting a fish in a squall
this strong puts a lot of
pressure on the line
and it could break off,
so we have to move the
rod to the front of the boat
so we can get a
better angle on the fish.
All right, take a break.
NICHOLAS: Yeah.
JACK: Point the
engines at the fish.
NICHOLAS: Yep.
JACK: You got to
watch this line.
JACK: Slight reverse.
One reverse. Neutral!
Neutral!
JACK: All right, take a break.
NICHOLAS: Yeah.
JACK: Point the
engines at the fish.
NICHOLAS: Yep.
JACK: You got to
watch this line.
JACK: Slight reverse. NICK:
Yeah, one reverse. JACK: Clear.
JACK: Neutral! Neutral!
Go ahead and bring the dart up.
NICHOLAS: Yep.
JACK: Be careful
with the waves, Nick.
NICHOLAS: All right,
he's coming up.
NICHOLAS: (bleep).
JACK: Well, we got a
little one on here.
I can tell he's short just
by looking at him.
That sucks.
NICHOLAS: I know. I know.
JACK: Yeah, he's probably
like 70 inches. He's pissed off.
NICHOLAS: Yeah.
JACK: This is a heartbreaker.
This fish is definitely a short.
Get the hook out of him.
When it's rough
weather out here,
the extra tension on the
line can make it really hard
to tell if it's a keeper.
This one's not 73 inches though,
so we got to let it go.
(bleep)!
That fish threw it.
Get the (bleep) baits back out.
(bleep), dude.
This is (bleep) messed up.
All right. Well, uh, hopefully,
we can get another one soon so
we can get some money coming in.
Nothing we can do but put
the baits back out, buddy.
TJ: Crab Ledge was
not so good to us.
It was good to Bobby Cooky
and the Spice Girls,
but not the losers
on the Hot Tuna.
I mean, this place has
shown us no love, so.
JARRETT: No love.
TJ: Sometimes you're the dog,
sometimes you're the hydrant.
And right now we got to go
find something else to piss on
because we are
certainly the hydrant.
JARRETT: You just
got to have no fog where you
find all the life.
TJ: That's the problem
with this place.
If you get this fog,
you can't find the life,
the whales and the birds,
you ain't gonna find
the tuna, that's for sure.
Gonna have to find greener
pastures because this hasn't
been the ticket for us.
I think our next move is
gonna be somewhere up the road.
JARRETT: I'm gonna put
the rubber bands on this
one for the 180.
TJ: All right.
JARRETT: Well, I missed a
couple days of fishing out here
with these guys.
It's not like they
had some good action,
but showed up a day
late and a dollar short.
I mean I got a whole
another mouth to feed now,
so we definitely have
to catch some fish.
You know, I was hoping
to come down here and give
them some good luck,
but it is what it is.
So, heading in going north
and see if we can regroup and
get back on these fish.
That's all you can really do.
It's fishing.
TJ: Got to find
something different.
JOE: My boy Jay's birthday.
Hopefully we get a nice
fat bluefin for him.
JASON: You know,
there's better ways to spend
a birthday for sure.
Haven't caught a tuna fish yet,
but a paycheck's
always a nice birthday present.
MARCIANO: If we mark,
it'll definitely go,
I'm telling you now.
High tide slack right now boys.
It's primetime.
We struck out yesterday,
which is a major setback.
Every day the boat's on
the water and not catching,
it's money coming
out of my pocket.
We've decided to try another
one of my secret spots that's
paid off for me before.
Hopefully this new location
and it being Jay's birthday
will turn our luck around.
Jay's putting a rig out.
I didn't have time to
bake him a cake this trip,
so the least I
could do was get him a
happy birthday balloon.
JASON: What's that?
MARCIANO: I got you something
for your birthday, Jay.
I got you your own
birthday balloon just like
when you were a kid.
JASON: Awesome.
MARCIANO: I'm even gonna
sing happy birthday to you.
JASON: Yeah, I doubt it.
JOE: Send it out there.
MARCIANO: All right, Jay.
Send it out.
JASON: Sending it.
Thanks, Dave.
(beeping)
MARCIANO: Down line's gonna go!
Down line's gonna go!
(beeping)
(reel clicking)
(reel unspooling rapidly)
JASON: Oh, here we go.
Here we go.
JOE: We're on!
MARCIANO: Wind on it, Jay.
Don't stop. Don't stop!
JOE: Got him on!
JASON: Oh, here we go.
Here we go.
JOE: We're on!
MARCIANO: Wind on it, Jay.
Don't stop. Don't stop!
Get it tight.
JOE: Got him on!
We're tight.
JASON: That's a wicked
birthday screamer.
MARCIANO: It's definitely a
tuna fish and it's Jay's birthday,
so I really hope we can land
this one just for Jay's sake.
Attaboy, Jay.
JASON: I've caught 'em on
my birthday and I've lost 'em
on my birthday.
Hopefully we can land this
birthday diamond bluefin.
Joe, you wanna get over here?
JOE: Yeah, bud. You good?
You need a break?
JASON: Yeah.
I don't need a break.
It's my party and I
want you to have fun.
JOE: Cool.
Thanks for inviting me, bro.
MARCIANO: Getting a little
nautical out here, boys.
Just hope we can land this
one before it gets too rough.
Hope our luck holds and
we can land this one, boys.
We'll be on one
heck of a roll still.
Attaboy, Joe.
You're doing good.
(bleep).
I got my Depends all wet.
JASON: Uncle Dave,
get the hell on there.
MARCIANO: I ain't
getting on there.
JASON: Get the (bleep) on there.
MARCIANO: All right,
I'll take a couple cranks.
JOE: Yeah, your doctor
said you got to exercise.
You know, you got to
take little cranks on
the reel, all right?
All right, we'll
start the clock now.
That's ten minutes
timing and cardio.
MARCIANO: This is my
ten-minute cardio workout?
JOE: Yeah. JASON: Reel!
JOE: You're doing great.
MARCIANO: I'm feeling good.
I'm feeling good.
All right, guys, let's go
back to our winning positions.
We had a system,
let's not change it.
We'll get him, boys.
We'll get him. Stay focused.
We know what to do.
Deep color. Come on, fish.
JASON: Swivel.
MARCIANO: Right under the surface
out there. Almost got a look at him.
ALL: There he is.
MARCIANO: Big fish.
Big (bleep) fish.
JASON: Yeah, it is a big fish.
MARCIANO: Just get close
enough to get that dart in him.
JASON: Get that other dart.
All right, here he comes,
Dave. Right there. Right there.
Good shot.
Pass me on the right.
MARCIANO: I don't know
how well I got him.
JASON: Gaff dart, Joe.
MARCIANO: There you go, Joe.
Yeah. Tail strap right here.
JASON: On the other side.
MARCIANO: Other side.
Here we go.
Right in there, boys.
Yeah, boys.
Happy birthday, Jay.
JASON: Thank you, Marciano.
JOE: Nice bluefin.
Good job, my dude.
Happy birthday.
MARCIANO: All right,
well, that's it.
We'll be in in plenty of
time to get this to the buyer
and ship back out tonight.
JASON: And hopefully Scotty
will give me an extra little
bonus for my birthday bluefin.
JOE: Nice!
MARCIANO: We came right out
of the starting gate this year.
And we now got that momentum
still surging forward.
Ready?
JASON: Yup, down.
It's a huge fish for us.
Since it's my birthday,
I'll do the honors.
93 incher!
MARCIANO: Well, well done.
Happy birthday, Jay.
I'll go call the buyer
and set up the drop off.
JOE: Got him.
MARCIANO: Excellent job, boys.
JASON: What's up, Scotty?
SCOTT: Another one, huh?
MARCIANO: The roll continues.
JASON: This is a
nice package, Scotty.
SCOTT: All right, guys.
Show me what you got.
You guys are looking
at 337 pounds dressed.
MARCIANO: That's a nice size.
SCOTT: Beautiful
birthday fish right here.
MARCIANO: Okay.
That's what we like to hear.
SCOTT: Why don't
you guys come up?
MARCIANO: Look at that.
I can see the grease
shining from over here.
JOE: That's a fat fish.
SCOTT: You can see
all the fat in it.
MARCIANO: Yup.
SCOTT: And he's definitely
been eating because he's really
loaded right here in the minors.
MARCIANO: Created an
oil slick when I threw the
harpoon in it.
SCOTT: This fish
really is it's nice.
This is one of those big
money fish right here.
MARCIANO: So let's
see that core, Scotty.
JASON: Beautiful.
Really nice fish.
MARCIANO: That's a good core.
JASON: We didn't see a lot
of fish like this last year.
MARCIANO: No, we didn't.
It was a tough year.
What's gonna be our cut, Scotty?
SCOTT: Bottom line, Dave...
19 bucks a pound.
MARCIANO: Happy birthday, Jay.
JASON: I'm getting a
birthday check today.
MARCIANO: Yeah, birthday check.
Maybe even I'll
buy you a Happy Meal.
SCOTT: Happy birthday, man.
JASON: Thank you very much.
SCOTT: See ya later.
MARCIANO: Scotty,
thank you my friend.
SCOTT: Appreciate it.
Take care, guys. Good luck.
MARCIANO: The demand
for seafood is back up and
what that means
for fishermen like me,
when you catch quality
high premium seafood,
you're gonna get
paid a lot of money.
It turned out to be a
good birthday for Jay.
The icing on the cake,
it's the best fish
of the season so far for
any of the boats.
It puts us that much closer
to winning back that title
we won so many years before.
We're ready for it.
NARRATOR: With
their third Bluefin,
Fat Tuna knocks
Pinwheel out of the top spot.
Hard Merch jumps over
Time Flies and Moonshine to
take third with the highest
priced fish of the season.
With the Fishing Vessel
Tuna. Com making up major ground,
Wicked Pissah
and Hot Tuna remain at the
bottom of the pack.
Captioned by Cotter Media Group.